content/about.md, before:

+++
title = "About"
description = "Hugo, the world’s fastest framework for building websites"
date = "2019-02-28"
aliases = ["about-us","about-hugo","contact"]
author = "Hugo Authors"
+++

Written in Go, Hugo is an open source static site generator available under the [Apache Licence 2.0.](https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo/blob/master/LICENSE) Hugo supports TOML, YAML and JSON data file types, Markdown and HTML content files and uses shortcodes to add rich content. Other notable features are taxonomies, multilingual mode, image processing, custom output formats, HTML/CSS/JS minification and support for Sass SCSS workflows.

Hugo makes use of a variety of open source projects including:

* https://github.com/yuin/goldmark
* https://github.com/alecthomas/chroma
* https://github.com/muesli/smartcrop
* https://github.com/spf13/cobra
* https://github.com/spf13/viper

Hugo is ideal for blogs, corporate websites, creative portfolios, online magazines, single page applications or even a website with thousands of pages.

Hugo is for people who want to hand code their own website without worrying about setting up complicated runtimes, dependencies and databases.

Websites built with Hugo are extremelly fast, secure and can be deployed anywhere including, AWS, GitHub Pages, Heroku, Netlify and any other hosting provider.

Learn more and contribute on [GitHub](https://github.com/gohugoio).

Commit message:

Some cleaning and updated the about page

content/about.md, after:

+++
title = "About"
description = "Lasout.io, the personal homepage of Nicolas Kohout"
date = "2020-11-17"
aliases = ["about-me","about-lasout","contact"]
author = "Nicolas Kohout"
+++

Hello! I'm Nicolas Kohout and lasout.io is my personal homepage.

I'm currently working as a Project Manager in a research and development institute in France. The projects I have the chance to handle have in common that they're all _materials_ related (make it _metals or composites_) with various problematics going from _automotive lightweighting_ (who wants a more efficient and agile car? raise your hand ✋) to _construction_. Of course these two examples are not limitations.

While 📊 **Project Management** is my current job, I've started my career as an 👨‍🏭 **International Welding Technologist** with a solid background in ⚙ **Mechanical Design** as it was my first degree. After that, I was given the opportunity to study for and pass my 👨‍🎓 **International Welding Engineer** degree. A few years later, this diverse background led me to work as a 👨‍🔬 **Research Engineer** (mostly involved in _mechanical joining_ projects) in my current company, consequently offering me a 👨‍💼 **Project Manager** position after two years.

Now you know more about my professional background, lets make it personal shall we ?  
I'm someone of a curious nature, taking interest in a wide range of subjects. One of my favourite week time hobbies is to fool around with computers. Auntie has some troubles with her laptop? I'm here don't worry it'll go well. If you're bored, I can speak for hours about how I messed with my RaspberryPi and why your online privacy matters (and why I don't rely on the GAFAMs for all my needs). My present subject is learning more about coding, while I already have some basic knowledge about it, I lack of practice. So I'm considering upping my game in full stack web development (sounds like a pretty universal skill yeah?) and also in specific languages such as Python (which can be quite useful for specific industrial or data related needs).  
Aside from that, I'm not only a nerd but also a handyman, I'm the proud owner of the house I live in and its garden, that I'm currently renovating.  
I also like photography _a lot_ but haven't taken much time lately to produce any.

Thank you for visiting my website!

_This website is powered by [The Hugo framework](https://gohugo.io/) with [Alex Bilz](https://www.alexbilz.com/about/) theme called [Anatole](https://github.com/lxndrblz/anatole)._  
_The content is hosted on [Github](https://github.com/) and served by [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/)._
